SOLR-16228: Audit how we refer to Solr Modules (#889)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/query-guide/pages/learning-to-rank.adoc

|(custom) |(custom class extending {solr-javadocs}/modules/ltr/org/apache/solr/ltr/model/LTRScoringModel.html[LTRScoringModel]) |(not applicable)
|===

== Module

This is provided via the `ltr` xref:configuration-guide:solr-modules.adoc[Solr Module] that needs to be enabled before use.

== Quick Start with LTR

The `"techproducts"` example included with Solr is pre-configured to load the plugins required for learning-to-rank from the `ltr` xref:configuration-guide:solr-modules.adoc[Solr Module], but they are disabled by default.

> To enable the plugins, please specify the `solr.ltr.enabled` JVM System Property when running the `techproducts` example:

Reviewer: When using techproducts, users still need to provide `-Dsolr.modules=ltr` correct? 

should we include that below?

Author: Oddly enough, you don't!!!   Cause we do that hacky `<lib>` stuff in the techproducts, wrapping it all with a system param to enable that code!    Part of me would love to just deprecate the use of the `<lib>` stuff for the Solr Modules, and only keep it for folks doing non Module things...

Reviewer: Ahhhhh that's why I couldn't get clustering to fail in the example. Good to know.

== Quick Start with LTR

> The `"techproducts"` example included with Solr is pre-configured with the `ltr` module and plugins required for learning-to-rank, but they are disabled by default.

Reviewer 2: To be precise, there is no way to load a **module** from solrconfig.xml, but you can load all the jars in a module's `lib/` folder, thus enabling all that modules' plugins.
```suggestion
The `"techproducts"` example included with Solr is pre-configured to load the plugins required for learning-to-rank from the `ltr` module, but they are disabled by default.
```

Author: added a note about this to `solr-modules.adoc`

> To enable the plugins, please specify the `solr.ltr.enabled` JVM System Property when running the example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the plugins, please specify the `solr.ltr.enabled` JVM System Property when running the `techproducts` example:
```
